# MH_Paramater_Estimation-3MPEA_Crystallization

This code is used to generate the results presented in 

Moving Horizon Parameter Estimation for an Enzyme Catalyzed Transamination Reaction with Integrated Product Removal - 
M.Sc. Jessica Behrens, M.Sc. Sven Tiedemann, M.Sc. Tom Kunde, Prof. Dr. Jan von Langermann  and Prof. Dr.-Ing. Achim Kienle

The code is structured as follows: 

General Functions: * folder with subfolders containing all necessary files and functions to make some general definitions, store parameters etc. for all further calculations.
                   * folder needs to be incoperated into every 'main_[].m' by adding the file path. The location where to add the path is indicated in the 'main_[].m'-files.

MHE_batch: * moving horizon parameter estimation for the batch scenario

MHE_rep_batch: * moving horizon parameter estimation for the repetitive batch scenario 

Profile_Likelihood: * profile likelihood calculations ** The confidence intervals can be tested by your own generation of test samples or by loading '500_para_est.mat'
						      ** where 5000 test samples were generated and saved.

                     * subfolders:** PL_in_MHE_batch - calculation of profile likelihoods in the moving horizon window for the batch scenario
                                ** PL_in_MHE_rep_batch - calculation of profile likelihoods in the moving horizon window for the repetitive batch scenario
                     * Note: ** both calculations need additional inputs generated by the MHE_batch/MHE_rep_batch calculation. So first run them and afterwards the 
			                     PL_in_MHE_... calculations!

The main file, where the calculations are performed is always named 'main_[].m' - Run those files. All other m-files are for plotting
